Modified MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 CryptoCoyns

The CryptoCoyns Day Trading Method settings are provided free of charge for 
personal use only and always will be. Please recognise that these settings 
are provided under a commercial license being a modified MIT license that 
provides personal use only rights and are copyright protected.  This does 
not entitle you to copy, sell or have commercial dealings with these settings. 
This includes no rights to associate any of your affiliate links or websites 
with these settings or any of the CryptoCoyns websites. 

Your use of the settings is at your own risk. I am not a financial advisor and 
will not and cannot provide financial or investment advice. All investments 
carry an element of risk, to the point where you may lose your entire investment.
It is therefore suggested that you only invest money you are prepared to lose.

Your use of the settings indicates your agreement to the license terms.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to use 
the Software, including without limitation the rights to use copies of the 
Software for personal use only, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
